Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we will start this little prequel as you leave the village of the Tacula
Timothy Sackton: following Phoeba and your friends from the dream world that that Dinner-kai tribe had been hiding in
Timothy Sackton: back to the material world,
Timothy Sackton: and as the
Timothy Sackton: that fabric of the dream space of the pocket dimension collapses around you as you leave, you're aware of the strangeness of the forest, of the many places you've journeyed in the many places.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! You have yet to see.
Timothy Sackton: And really you stap your hand on Baxter's shoulder. Yeah, the infinite possible adventures that spiral out from this um moment almost Ah appear before you like seeds floating on the wind,
Timothy Sackton: and as you walk
Timothy Sackton: the world slowly fades around you until you're pulled back to your friend suddenly in a jumbled collection of images as the pocket dimension collapses
Timothy Sackton: a meadow of golden butterflies, a forest of pines and maples high in a mountain slope,
Timothy Sackton: a dense tropical forest,
Timothy Sackton: as you feel dow with Kenzo and Seeker pulled away from you, you quickly reach into each of their minds at turn, just for a moment, shouting, Find your way to the fame wild.
Timothy Sackton: The portal near Yodomus Tower will meet there again,
Timothy Sackton: and then you are hurtling towards the open ocean of the late afternoon light.
Timothy Sackton: The sun may be a few hours from setting across the ocean. Behind you,
Timothy Sackton: in the clear blue waters below you see two ships, one running before the westerly winds is recognizably halfway,
Timothy Sackton: triple-masted and under full sale,
Timothy Sackton: the bright colors of the sails shining in the sun, although damage the top cells suggest the recent engagement,
Timothy Sackton: chasing it
Timothy Sackton: a few miles behind, but gaining quickly, is a sleek worship,
Timothy Sackton: A huge ballista mounted on its bow.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's too far in the distance from this vantage point for you to make it any particular details. The flag flying from the tallest mass, depicting a skull cleaved in two by mass by a massive axe cannot be a good sign,
Timothy Sackton: and the next moment you find yourself in Baxter on the deck of the halfling ship,
Timothy Sackton: surrounded by halflings, Um silent, determined, but clearly in a state of exhaustion,
Timothy Sackton: grimly watching their pursuer bearing down on you,
Timothy Sackton: standing
Timothy Sackton: close to you as you appear, seemingly out of thin air, and is an older woman
Timothy Sackton: baffling. All happens on this ship.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, curly white hair! Um standing steady holding the rail. Um watching the wind and the sails easy on her feet as the shipped rocks on the swells. Um! Probably the captain of this vessel,
Timothy Sackton: not speaking aloud, but
Timothy Sackton: focused on the
Timothy Sackton: the man at the helm, looking up at the
Timothy Sackton: the sailors and the rigging, managing the sales, and clearly calculating the
Timothy Sackton: the distance and the time of the pursuer, until she is jolted out of her
Timothy Sackton: concentration by your sudden appearance,
Timothy Sackton: and turns
Timothy Sackton: and looks at you
Timothy Sackton: shocked,
Timothy Sackton: surprised.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come from?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh? So i'll. I'll give her the most uh polite and formal greeting that halfling sailors might give each other and say,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you may not believe this,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but my steed and I just fell through a portal two hundred miles northeast of Chardon, and ended up on the deck of your ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are we? Who are they?
Timothy Sackton: She looks.
Timothy Sackton: She looks surprised and confused, but also
Timothy Sackton: like she doesn't really have time to think about
Timothy Sackton: anything that you just said at the moment
Timothy Sackton: where by the day's sale east of the Devil's spine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I know where that is?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you have no idea,
Timothy Sackton: Um. Well, actually, how I mean.
Timothy Sackton: My sense is that the good barrels were sailed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They didn't venture widely on the green sea. Right? I don't. I think they didn't venture far East like, if if i'm remembering that right, like if you draw a line south from toland, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So there's that Western golf that's like, there's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you go to in. And yeah, that's still like a bar widely like, really widely around that whole area. But not yeah, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But that's I mean, the Western Gulf is only
Timothy Sackton: it's only about three hundred miles
Timothy Sackton: that three hundred miles square.
Timothy Sackton: So it's, you know you can do a read around it in a week.
Timothy Sackton: Um! So now you have no idea where the devil's spine is.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: he says,
Timothy Sackton: those damn skull, cleave or hob goblins got the better of us.
Timothy Sackton: We can just hold out for dark. I'm sure we can
Timothy Sackton: give them the slip
Timothy Sackton: She looks back, and
Timothy Sackton: them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have I ever heard of Huggab and sailing before? Is that a thing?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you probably have heard rumors of higher, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: there's all sorts of strange rumors that come to Poland, and
Timothy Sackton: things like that. The
Timothy Sackton: where the good barrels sailed was generally quite safe, because the toll and navy is quite strong, and nobody can
Timothy Sackton: get in the Straits without
Timothy Sackton: fighting the Navy so.
Timothy Sackton: But out on the wide green sea like there's all sorts of rumors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I may be a little bit out of my depth here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hmm. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe you can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are we again? You said the devil's spine
Timothy Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come from? What
Timothy Sackton: if you don't?
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. She kind of shakes her head.
Timothy Sackton: Don't have time to shepherd
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who the sailors right now. Let's talk about it after
Timothy Sackton: if you know how to sail.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I spent the first ten years of my life between
to it and some bar up, and now the green sea
Timothy Sackton: our way to the west.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sorry
Timothy Sackton: that's way to the west.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is extremely exciting. Wow! Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, exciting is not the word I would use.
Timothy Sackton: We got to
Timothy Sackton: cargo of dragon hide from Przniski, and if they catch us. It's done for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what any of those words mean. But catch us. I'm done for It makes sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How can I help?
Timothy Sackton: Well, What can you do?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I can ride.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a Baxter, but I don't think that's going to help much.
Timothy Sackton: I can. Yeah, no,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can fight one of the best archers you've probably ever met. I can
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hide.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can make my way through the wilderness again. Not super helpful in this context.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): scout I can
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we? Uh! She she yells. Pearl,
Timothy Sackton: a sound
Timothy Sackton: like buff tall for a half wing woman comes over
Timothy Sackton: wearing leather arm or a rapier at her side.
Timothy Sackton: She had been watching the trailing ship from the stern.
Timothy Sackton: This guy dropped out of the sky, says he,
Timothy Sackton: he can fight.
Timothy Sackton: You can use them,
Timothy Sackton: she says,
Timothy Sackton: Sure. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: hopefully, it won't come to that. But
Timothy Sackton: yeah, come with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can Can you really outrun them, though? Because,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as I was falling through the sky on my way here. It seems like they're gaining on you right.
Timothy Sackton: She looks up. She looks at the sky. Um!
Timothy Sackton: The older woman The captain looks at the wind.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, if you've got any ideas for how to slow them down, it certainly wouldn't hurt.
Timothy Sackton: We've got maybe three hours to
Timothy Sackton: darkness.
Timothy Sackton: I know these water is better than anybody.
We just need to last that long
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): man. I'm really really really regretting giving someone else the raven whistle right. Now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take it you can't, somebody. It's still on your character. She I know It's still on my character, she boy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did.
Timothy Sackton: I think you I I don't think you I don't think Ken's a cap that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. I'm done for that. He has not used it in his his adventure.
Timothy Sackton: I think you are discussed trading it. Yeah. But we yeah, the wand of Costaic arrows. But then, after the Green Dragon fight, you swapped back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you're right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, I do a little quick math,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so I do
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a couple of things that I have that could be useful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a giant riding fly bigger than a horse
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that doesn't obey commands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think that's going to be useful, but I mention it for the sake of completeness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I also had
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a whistle that lets me fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I could cover about a half mile and back,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but if I stop blowing on it, it does drop me into the water,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a bow that's real good at starting fires. I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would it take to get their sales? Burning
Timothy Sackton: Fire is a great idea,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the little I will slow them down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far behind us are they?
Timothy Sackton: They're about a mile and a half now, but
Timothy Sackton: they're gaining about half mile an hour at their current pace.
Timothy Sackton: It's going to be a close call, whether we can slip out by darkness
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. Hang on
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): number of rounds equal to five plus five times your con modifier, which is plus two, I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so. That is, fifteen rounds
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): twice as fast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So here's sort of a mechanical question. We've been treating the ravens whistle
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): twice as fast as your ordinary moving around like Max movement and around.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I'm seeing in the description. It's twice as fast as your walking speed, so like my walking speed is forty. But, my Max, moving around is one hundred and twenty, which is the so that means you. If it's twice, it means you have a fly speed of eighty,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: so you can move, dash, and you can move and double dash with the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right, so that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): two hundred and forty feet per round times fifteen
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at least theoretically three thousand six hundred feet is probably safer to call than a half a mile,
Timothy Sackton: so that you're going about You're going twenty-eight miles an hour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's real. Real,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but It's probably if there are three charges it's probably one whistle out
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): one whistle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh: yeah, one was one whistle back and one whistle, for when I take damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, okay. So i'll tell them um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if they get as close as a half mile to us, I can get to them and back safely.
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: That's going to be real useful in about two hours. The older woman says,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I guess there's nothing to do but wait. Now
Timothy Sackton: you are
Timothy Sackton: Baxters like standing there. Kind of
Timothy Sackton: there. You something about him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get him out of the way, at least,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to help us find a spot, or can someone help us find a spot below that for him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, one of the sailors comes over and helps you get.
Timothy Sackton: Ah get Baxter Stone,
Timothy Sackton: so you get them settled the the whole I mean, this is the layout of many half of the ships. It's similar, so it's uh,
Timothy Sackton: but there's a cargo hold. You can see, the hold is packed with
Timothy Sackton: furs hides, and then in one corner there's what looks like a
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: a bundle of hive that looks like white dragon scales
Timothy Sackton: like somebody
Timothy Sackton: had skinned a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where'd you all find white dragon scales?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's a
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: you! You never been to Presniski!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not only have I ever been to Presniski? I've never heard of Presniski.
Timothy Sackton: It's a strange place up on the north coast,
Timothy Sackton: the sailor says
Timothy Sackton: Closed Port City. There,
Timothy Sackton: don't let anybody in.
Timothy Sackton: But ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's worth the hassle, because
Timothy Sackton: those people
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where they get it. People who live there, but
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: dragon hide from the northern waist.
Timothy Sackton: That's an awful lot of money.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, when we get uh
Timothy Sackton: South to med you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, they do love their dragon hiding magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if you have a map I could take a look at.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure i'm sure a corn could draw you one
Timothy Sackton: a little bit busy at the moment
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well hang on just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just simply for just a second. I'll be back in three minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So uh,
Timothy Sackton: after getting back to that old
Timothy Sackton: still not entirely sure where you are. You
Timothy Sackton: uh return
Timothy Sackton: to the deck.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um! And
Timothy Sackton: the the captain is still there, and there's, you know, a lot of activity around the the
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's been about a half hour. The The boat is visibly closed, and you can start to hear in the distance, the um, the drums of the of the pirate ship echoing over the waters
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: over the next, unless there's anything else you want to do over the next hour and a half or so. Um! The sun begins to stat,
Timothy Sackton: and you watch as the ship slowly creeps closer, and now it seems it seems clear that it's going to be within at least the list of range. Um,
Timothy Sackton: which is, you know, three four hundred feet before the
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: Before darkness. Full darkness falls even then. Now with the sun setting.
Timothy Sackton: You know your
Timothy Sackton: the sun is setting, but but it's now within, you know, half a mile or so
Timothy Sackton: three four thousand feet,
Timothy Sackton: three or two thousand five hundred, two thousand feet, and
Timothy Sackton: ah! Still closing in um
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the halflings pearl, the the first mate. The woman with the rape here is, you know, kind of gathering a few folks together to line on the stern to attempt to resist borders, but they don't look too optimistic.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The captain is still kind of watching the seas
Timothy Sackton: watching the winds, watching the sales, just hopeful to get some last burst of speed from somewhere,
Timothy Sackton: and you watch into the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think I want to get ready, though, with something flammable also like, Do they have oil? Or Oh, yeah, sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'll bring. You know what whatever is reasonable to carry a couple of class work with that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um. And then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, i'll say uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, to to the first mate I'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything that I should know about these ships like? Is everyone carrying bows on them? What what should I expect if i'm flying over it?
Timothy Sackton: Watch out for that ballista.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the assumption i'm making is that the ballista can't shoot past, say a forty, five degree angle.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you stay pretty high up, you should be relatively safe from the ballista.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I guess that only matters Once i'm close, though,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, all right, I wouldn't be surprised if some of them have bows or crossbows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How receptive do you think they would be to negotiation?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean they'd be quite receptive to us, surrendering our cargo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and that that's what I figured.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. Wish me luck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, take the Baxter if I don't come back
we'll keep an eye out for you,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and i'm trying to think if there's something that I could make the armor look like that would be useful,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think. What i'll try to do. I don't know if mechanically this will have any effect, but i'll
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll make. I'll use the um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the kinku sutter leather to glamour it and try and match the color of the sky above me as best I can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, they would be receptive to
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: being commanded
Timothy Sackton: by the up there. I know they would.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you lie over in it because i'm carrying the portable. You've got the part of a hole in the locket around your neck. So you have both mirrors and receptor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was just thinking, Is the Is there anything in the alchemy show?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Seeker has the outcome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I should have the outcome in jug.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think those mirrors are going to help in this situation,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): although they could give a look inside the city if we showed it the dragon pipe. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um, all right, so i'll take off into the sky, and in the same moment um, you know, my clothes will match the twilight and clouds around me as best I can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Loud, loud whistle.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean the wh. The whistle is pretty loud. It's hard to stealth when you're,
Timothy Sackton: but maybe you maybe the distraction will make it harder for them to hit you with the arrow, so you fly up.
Timothy Sackton: It takes you maybe
Timothy Sackton: twelve rounds. So a little over a minute to
Timothy Sackton: um, raised out the half mile.
Timothy Sackton: Um, you can see Now, as you get closer, this is, I mean, this is clearly a hop-government ship. There's um
Timothy Sackton: there it's smaller than the than the half-link ship, but well armed. It's got the blist on the front. Um!
Timothy Sackton: It's got to smaller ballista mounted on the sides of three ballista in total
Timothy Sackton: plus um.
Timothy Sackton: There are buckets of pitch. It looks like they're prepared to shoot flaming, flaming ballista bolts.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there's maybe twenty hob goblins that you can see on deck
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: possibly more below
Timothy Sackton: um. So a substantially smaller crew than the huffling ship that one ship has maybe
Timothy Sackton: almost twice as big. It's a it's a much more substantial long, you know, shift design for very long ocean voyages.
Timothy Sackton: But these hop goblins are well armed. They're
Timothy Sackton: made, or somebody in the back is is beating on a giant set of drums, and there's six archers with crossbows
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: watching
Timothy Sackton: initially watching if in front. But as you approach the drone of the loud whistle. They start looking for it to see what that is.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so you are flying fairly high, Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, And my thought is to come in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sort of at my more or less maximum range above the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mainsail. I guess if it's a speed contest,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um. And I want to try and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dump oil on it, and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): light it on fire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then, if I've got extra time i'm trying to take some shots at the pitch. That that would be fun.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, okay. What's your ac?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seventeen?
Timothy Sackton: So the first
Timothy Sackton: rain of six arrows
Timothy Sackton: flies up at you from their heavy cross bones.
Timothy Sackton: Um! They are at long range,
Timothy Sackton: so you know, not easy to hit, but one of them does hit you for
Timothy Sackton: ah eight points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So every time you are hit you do need to roll a con saving turn to see if you fall. Yep, and I see Dc. Ten or half the damage amount, whichever is higher. Right? So it's mostly going to be Dc. Ten. They can't do a ton of damage in one head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's let's say,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how am I doing? Are you in role? Twenty or I'm just on Dnd beyond? I can get it well. Twenty if it's, I think if you just roll on D and d beyond. It'll pop up in the campaign bug.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's six plus two. That's eight
Timothy Sackton: and you far.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I um.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm gonna guess at this point you're over the water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it's okay. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so tell me about distances. How how far out am I?
Timothy Sackton: So the long range of a of a heavy cross, though, is like four hundred feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit!
Timothy Sackton: So you're four hundred feet out,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and maybe then one to two more rounds away,
Timothy Sackton: I would say, Yeah, that's that's like two rounds away,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think new goal is to go and land in the Crow's nest
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fight off was ever up there and set stuff on fire from up there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because they're with six crossbow people. I'm going to keep getting hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm a blow that thing again. And okay. So first of all, you you say you
Timothy Sackton: plumb it into the ocean, but your armor lets you cast feather fall. So you drift slowly into the ocean, and as you're falling down you cast it again. You blow it again.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: but there it time for you to get onto the Crow's nest that are going to get another um six shots at you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! So let me see with Oops. Where did the
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: This advantage is helping you out a lot here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yet again
Timothy Sackton: a single hat
Timothy Sackton: from the sex for eight points of damage,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eight plus two, that is the skin. Thank goodness,
Timothy Sackton: let's say you succeed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, land on the Crow's nest, which i'm going to say gives you half cover,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but as you land
Timothy Sackton: ah, yes, There's one sailor up there,
Timothy Sackton: and as you land there is another now, not in long range, but with half cover, You've got a nineteen ac,
Timothy Sackton: another, three, four,
Timothy Sackton: five,
Timothy Sackton: six o
Timothy Sackton: that's two. Hits
Timothy Sackton: one for five damage, the other natural twenty for
Timothy Sackton: nine damage,
Timothy Sackton: and the hop goblin up there like looks at you. Kind of like, but what
Timothy Sackton: um! And for us his
Timothy Sackton: uh soared.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll uh, i'll stab this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because there's nowhere to go, anyways.
Timothy Sackton: Um so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll just pause and sort of. I am all the way from top to bottom, and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): choose a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a favorite place to staff and and stab
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just a second. I'm going to roll twice. This is a plus eight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a ten and a twenty-two.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that is,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you get sneaked back so
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh so this can be sixty, six, plus four, all together now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, so that's a total of eighteen
Timothy Sackton: that kills them.
Timothy Sackton: This is just a sailor up here,
Timothy Sackton: so you stab your sword as you land. He's surprised. You just watch carefully and stab your sword into as he's trying to lunge for you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: As the arrows are raining around, you look around after stabbing him another sticks arrows
Timothy Sackton: against your nineteen Ac.
Timothy Sackton: Who of them fought into the wood of the crow's Mast
Timothy Sackton: um as you duck around, but none hit you,
Timothy Sackton: and now you have a chance to take your shot.
Timothy Sackton: What are you going to do at?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to try and light the biggest sail there is on fire?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um. So it's that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): below me or near me, or if it doesn't Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so I mean, you're at the high point of the middle mast.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's basically three big sales there. There's only two masks on this. But there's
Timothy Sackton: basically two huge sales, and then a bunch of little sales off the rigged.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So either the one directly below you or the one right in front of you. Let's go right in front of me, because hopefully, it's going to burn a lot.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Timothy Sackton: So i'm going to say, and ah!
Timothy Sackton: A sale is pretty easy to head.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: but you have to do something like ten points of fire damage to get it to in one strike to get it to
Timothy Sackton: catch on fire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um,
Timothy Sackton: Although I guess technically, your flaming bros during automatically sets things on fire right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not positive. Actually. Yeah, it does
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a of a burning straight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry I'm just thinking right now of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it would be useful
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for me to put
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pyrotechnic strike with smoke
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): basically directly underneath me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That would be as well, I think i'm gonna start with doing that instead. Because then also, I can spend more time potentially like growing oil on sales. And right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So yeah, So i'm going to use um
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): two charges,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it like, just put it directly below. Here, put it between me. Yeah, it's not gonna last for a full minute, because
Timothy Sackton: you know, you're moving pretty fast under sale. But
Timothy Sackton: I I would say it'll last
Timothy Sackton: half the duration
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Three rounds that do it for me, though.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you should be able to get three rounds before the wind blows it away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make an attack. Right? Yeah. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah, twenty four all together.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's fine. So you aim your arrow. This black smoke begins to billow in the mask
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: the third of the way down the mask below the Crow's nest, just kind of
Timothy Sackton: covering a good portion of the
Timothy Sackton: of the deck below of the your view of the deck below you, and blocking line of sight from all of the archers. Um, who had clustered to shoot at you or all the crossbow pirates who have clustered to shoot at you.
Timothy Sackton: They still know where you are. I mean they still can.
Timothy Sackton: But they're gonna have disadvantage, and you're gonna get your plus two from cover.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: yeah. All the mess
Timothy Sackton: that castle arrows come whizzing, whizzing past through the smoke.
Timothy Sackton: But with the cover and the smoke it's
Timothy Sackton: quite difficult for anybody to get you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um, i'm gonna try and set the front mainsail on fire. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So make an attack on how many charges are you using?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm: just going to use one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which would be,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me think about that for a second,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): two, six, plus four of fire damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I should use two of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): two charges for a burning strike,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that is a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thanks team altogether.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, So that hits,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the damage, I think will be threed six plus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's threed six plus four, but really only the only the fire damage matters. Because,
yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ah, that's eight altogether.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So it's definitely The arrow sticks in the sale, and it's beginning
Timothy Sackton: person to flame and the fire is beginning to spread. Um! The smoke is obscuring it or not, so it takes the pirates below and the hub goblins below. You know a few seconds to realize what's going on. But you do here as arrows come raining down around you again. Ah!
Timothy Sackton: One of which men, just to catch you,
Timothy Sackton: even despite the cup
Timothy Sackton: cover, two of which managed to catch you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: For a total of fifteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! You can hear shouts below as the as the
Timothy Sackton: as the fire begins to spread the
Timothy Sackton: um, and
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Timothy Sackton: continues to burn, getting larger and larger. So roll another. D six has taken eight. So far,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): five.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So thirteen total. The sale is now in this giant conflagration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Um!
Timothy Sackton: Beginning to burn faster and faster.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: now the the smoke is getting a bit less. Um.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, what do you want to do?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think what I want to do is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dump my oil like just right here into the Crow's nest at this point. It's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): suboptimal, but I don't think I want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to get out as quick as possible, so I want to set the oil and sell it on fire
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this round, and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take off, and i'll start just by going straight up next round. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So drop some oil. Light the crow's nest on fire uh heads straight up. So you use your action to
Timothy Sackton: go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, you get. You use your action to let the oil,
Timothy Sackton: so you don't get your full two hundred and forty, and you can go one hundred and sixty feet straight up
Timothy Sackton: at this point. Now it's, you know you can see clearly the there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know four of the six crossbow fighters have dropped their bows in our bailing water. Um! Still two crossbow shots come flying up at you, but now at long range
Timothy Sackton: with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Still one of them heads for three points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. Let's see if i'm swimming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here we go. Here we go,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): natural twenty.
Timothy Sackton: You're all that
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and they seem to have. You know their this is a pretty organized crew.
Timothy Sackton: They're managing to get the fire under control. That That sale is done for,
Timothy Sackton: and they're clear. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: There. You can see now that the tattling ship is already starting to gain ground on them.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: you know, without that sale there's no way they're gonna be able to keep up,
Timothy Sackton: even if they can replace it. It's going to take them hours to
Timothy Sackton: you know. Re-rig it and everything
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: But the last two ah crossbow fighters are still going to take two more potshots at you in the distance
Timothy Sackton: as you
Timothy Sackton: start away with. That. Was it?
Timothy Sackton: Good thing They have disadvantaged everyone. Two natural twenties, but it turns out it turns into an eight and a six feet
Timothy Sackton: cool. So both of them mess because you're one thousand eight hundred and seventeen right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I now you out of range almost fifty points of damage through that, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're not in great shape.
Timothy Sackton: I've got ones are crossbowser and athletes. Six crossbows just taking pots out of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: So you race ahead to the ship,
Timothy Sackton: and as the sun sinks below the horizon, you land on the deck of the wave dancer
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: clearly now beginning to out distance. Um the halfway, or the pop goblin chef
Timothy Sackton: um! And you know several of the halflings give a little cheer as he lands
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: and as the sun
sun sinks and twilight begins to spread.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: the the man who was at the helm. Um
Timothy Sackton: um middle aged tanned man with bright blond hair um in like this big, big, puffy curls of bright blond hair um wearing uh
Timothy Sackton: uh yellow and red. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, just
Timothy Sackton: brightly dressed,
Timothy Sackton: you know, walks down and and looks over at the older woman. Um, the captain, and she gives him a nod. Um, says
Timothy Sackton: i've got a little check of my own.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks up
Timothy Sackton: Flas from his side and unstoppers it, and begins to blow on it. This fog begins to billow out of this flask it's growing and growing and growing and growing.
Timothy Sackton: It does.
Timothy Sackton: Now let's see them find us on the other side of a fog bank
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nicely done,
Timothy Sackton: Thanks to your help.
Timothy Sackton: I think we can clearly get away now.
Timothy Sackton: Cruel!
Timothy Sackton: Everybody seems to relax a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Um
you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: as night falls. Um!
Timothy Sackton: The captain, who introduces herself as well a bright moon
Timothy Sackton: uh captain of the Wave dancer and matriarch of the Bright Moon clan.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: says I. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Now I think it's time for some food and conversation. I'd love to heal your stormy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'd love to tell it. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well, can we Look at a map, too. I don't have the first clue where I am, and no single place name that anyone has named is a place I've ever heard of in my life before.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of laughs. You're far from home, I think it. She waves,
Timothy Sackton: and the the guy with the the flask over says, Well,
Timothy Sackton: sorry. What was your name?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it will be good for i'll be
Timothy Sackton: I'll be good barrel.
Timothy Sackton: Maps are not much use out here.
Timothy Sackton: The land moves too much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What I can ask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The land moves too much. Do you literally mean the land moves?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like islands. Don't stay in the same place.
Timothy Sackton: You've not sailed in the Eastern aisles before I take it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is amazing and wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: Let me draw you a sketch,
Timothy Sackton: and he
Timothy Sackton: um Here, let me see if I can do this,
Timothy Sackton: and he takes out
Timothy Sackton: uh piece of parchment,
Timothy Sackton: and he draws something like this,
Timothy Sackton: and he says,
Timothy Sackton: heard you mentioned uh Sambara.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure,
Timothy Sackton: this it's called the Western golf.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Samia is
Timothy Sackton: is right. Here
Timothy Sackton: we are uh this goes out,
Timothy Sackton: Got it!
Timothy Sackton: We are now about there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh,
Timothy Sackton: this island. The eastern end of this island is a series of little
Timothy Sackton: Uh.
Timothy Sackton: C mounts called the Devil's Spine.
Timothy Sackton: All goblin pirates
Timothy Sackton: control much of this territory here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah
Timothy Sackton: grabs out
Timothy Sackton: slightly different color marker
control. Much of that territory here
Timothy Sackton: says
Timothy Sackton: we've come
Timothy Sackton: from
Timothy Sackton: city about there.
Timothy Sackton: We're talking maybe
Timothy Sackton: sixteen hundred miles, as the crow flies from Sambara.
Timothy Sackton: Sales here
Timothy Sackton: got caught in an ambush
Timothy Sackton: on the
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The shells off the devil's spine
Timothy Sackton: bad luck in the fog
Timothy Sackton: now, where We're heading
Timothy Sackton: the eastern aisles
Timothy Sackton: a thousand ever changing islands
Timothy Sackton: that span the entire mouth of the green sea.
Timothy Sackton: They change every time we go shift, move around, sometimes drifting in, sometimes drifting out
Timothy Sackton: beyond. Here the endless ocean
Timothy Sackton: can sail
Timothy Sackton: for months that rumors say without lance citing land.
Timothy Sackton: There are whirlpools and krakens
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've heard of the ever-changing aisles, but I always thought it was metaphorical. You know that you never see the same place. Twice.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, it's. It's quite literal.
Timothy Sackton: We are. We are hiding for
Timothy Sackton: It's an archipelago where they uh
Timothy Sackton: Kenk, who lived. You know them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you get some around toll on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, can you? But I know I can. I'm sure
Timothy Sackton: hope to find it in a similar spot. As to where we left it
Timothy Sackton: two years ago, the last time we were on this route,
Timothy Sackton: and we'll sell south,
Timothy Sackton: making our way
Timothy Sackton: to the island of Quani,
Timothy Sackton: which will hopefully be found somewhere around here
Timothy Sackton: before we hog the southern coast, catching the trade winds back west
Timothy Sackton: to the desert city.
Timothy Sackton: I've met you,
Timothy Sackton: and from there we'll see. Sometimes. We had all the way west to Samiya. If the winds are good and there's no storms.
Timothy Sackton: Other times, well
Timothy Sackton: turn north
Timothy Sackton: uh t to the
Timothy Sackton: um. This island here,
Timothy Sackton: trade along its western shores,
Timothy Sackton: and then return to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Samiya. Used to be the furthest East place i'd ever been.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh!
Timothy Sackton: Huh? Well, you've uh
Timothy Sackton: just beat your record by
Timothy Sackton: eighteen hundred miles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When I woke up this morning
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was a thousand miles west of Samiya.
Timothy Sackton: It's a long way to travel in one day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'm not even tired.
Timothy Sackton: Impressive. Uh,
Timothy Sackton: listen. I've got to
Timothy Sackton: keep us on track
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: hide from the
Timothy Sackton: pop. Goblins
Timothy Sackton: find a way to
Timothy Sackton: I lose them in this fog.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over at um
Timothy Sackton: at the captain. Wella, says i'm sure Well, I will take good care of you.
Timothy Sackton: I'll leave the chart.
Timothy Sackton: She sailed for many years longer than I have. I'm sure she can tell you any stories that you'd wish to hear.
Timothy Sackton: And uh,
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure we all like to hear the story of where you came from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once we're saying, I believe i'll tell it
Timothy Sackton: maybe some food first.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
Timothy Sackton: as she does that the uh half ones bring out some food. Um! Another uh older woman brings out her guitar.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Who, while I introduced this as her wife, rose,
Timothy Sackton: eats, and then begins to play as you sit and talk
Timothy Sackton: so. Um well, I says,
Timothy Sackton: I must ask what what a
what? Ah brings you to these parts, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you heading next?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it was a misadventure with a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get me plain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We were in a little pocket of reality, cut off from the rest of the world, and on the way out,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): somehow, my companions and I got scattered. Who knows where they are? If this is where I ended up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that's only the most immediate answer, and i'll launch into a longer story of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, among halflings in this Far East what we just puts it all on the table.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Everything. Yep. I probably not the scepter, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right everything but the sceptre. Probably.
Timothy Sackton: So, listening
Timothy Sackton: into the night, you weave your tail.
Timothy Sackton: Wella and Rose, and a few others who have started to gather now to the music and your story.
Timothy Sackton: He can and are charmed by
by your tail by them.
Timothy Sackton: Most of these people have never been further west, then,
Timothy Sackton: Semi. Ah, certainly a few have been to Tolen or Sambara. None have been off the green sea,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: most of them are bright moons. This is largely a ship operated by the bright Moon clan,
Timothy Sackton: and as the night grows late
Timothy Sackton: coron reports. Ah, no sign of lights on the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody breathed a sigh of relief.
Timothy Sackton: So Allah says,
Timothy Sackton: where are you headed next?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a harder question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll meet up with my companions again
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at a spot that something like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what? Five hundred miles
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): southwest south by southwest of Simon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the place where we're meeting is a portal to fey wild,
and if i'm this far off,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, rather than spending the better part of a year to make it there
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I may be better off trying to find another way into the Fay Wild from this side
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): make the journey that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the other hand, I have no idea how to, in fact, make such a journey
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or find such a portal. But that's where I need to get to eventually. Oh, which reminds me actually. What date is it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't like jumped forward by ten years or something, have I?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, what day is it? It's a
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Timothy Sackton: What day is that
Timothy Sackton: it's the same. I forget. I have to look at the notes. It's the same day that you left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the same day that you left incredible release. Good. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you've just traveled a long distance. Not a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that signs well up there.
Timothy Sackton: You're welcome to
Timothy Sackton: sell with us as long as you'd like.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you what I know of these Eastern seas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would love that. What my heart wants is only to travel to see all these places to meet the Kenko, to see the desert,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to manage some way into a hidden city that doesn't let anyone in.
Timothy Sackton: Many have tried.
Timothy Sackton: Many have tried to make it into
Timothy Sackton: the heart of Prznitski
Timothy Sackton: masked wizards, but patrol the bridge, and one feels that they can see you, even if they're not looking in the direction. I suspect there is something going on more
Timothy Sackton: difficult then
Timothy Sackton: mere watchful eyes
Timothy Sackton: that makes
Timothy Sackton: all of us fail
you.
Timothy Sackton: It's a
Timothy Sackton: certainly a game among the younger bright moons to
Timothy Sackton: try and sneak across the bridge.
You
Timothy Sackton: and the wizards, I guess,
Timothy Sackton: find this amusing, for they toss us back
Timothy Sackton: seemingly unharmed,
Timothy Sackton: although
Timothy Sackton: none can remember quite how they return to the ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are the kenku like?
Timothy Sackton: They've lived in Wahacha a long time.
Timothy Sackton: The vermilion ions we call them.
Timothy Sackton: It's a group of four or five islands that tend to cluster together
Timothy Sackton: always can be found in close proximity to each other.
Timothy Sackton: Beautiful red stone cliffs stretching off from the blue ocean.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much you know of ken to. They say
Timothy Sackton: most of their people
Timothy Sackton: or slaves for many years far in the north to Shamat,
Timothy Sackton: but the Kanku of what we had to send from a different branch a different lineage.
Timothy Sackton: Many of them have
Timothy Sackton: the white feathers and bright beaks reminiscent of seabirds,
Timothy Sackton: and they have lived
Timothy Sackton: in the East for
Timothy Sackton: millennia, I guess,
Timothy Sackton: since the downfall since the fall of car and the
Timothy Sackton: upheaval of the land.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I would say they are
Timothy Sackton: well, they
Timothy Sackton: they don't build their cities in a way that is easy for grounders, as they call us to navigate,
Timothy Sackton: arched up on the cliffs and thigh towers,
Timothy Sackton: but they are friendly enough as it goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them who I've spoken to know the
Timothy Sackton: Eastern Isles.
Timothy Sackton: It's better than
Timothy Sackton: almost anyone. They
Timothy Sackton: travel widely that
Timothy Sackton: almost never more than fifty miles between islands
Timothy Sackton: for the whole
Timothy Sackton: two thousand miles from the northern end to the southern end of the mouth of the Green Sea, and
Timothy Sackton: rumor has, if that there are some ken that have flown the entire distance,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): watching the islands drift beneath their wings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if anyone were to
Timothy Sackton: be able to tell you of what strange things can be found in these islands, it would be them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then i'll join you at at least till we get there
Timothy Sackton: they are.
Timothy Sackton: We have traded there for
Timothy Sackton: all my life.
Timothy Sackton: We could certainly introduce you.
Timothy Sackton: The are
Timothy Sackton: the dragon hide, will
Timothy Sackton: to say for med you. But
Timothy Sackton: thank you, our
Timothy Sackton: fond of them
Timothy Sackton: furs and hides of the northern creatures,
Timothy Sackton: and so we will
Timothy Sackton: stopped for a few weeks there to
Timothy Sackton: trade our goods and
Timothy Sackton: take on
Timothy Sackton: chillies and pigment, and dyed cloth from the islands,
Timothy Sackton: so sure i'd be happy to introduce you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: We also sometimes stop it.
Timothy Sackton: The anchored island.
Timothy Sackton: It's one of the few that doesn't
Timothy Sackton: move.
Timothy Sackton: It's anchored in place, but it slowly rotates around in a great circle. It's one of the furthest out into the endless ocean in it,
Timothy Sackton: strangely tropical,
Timothy Sackton: I think, warmed by the currents that
Timothy Sackton: flow under it
Timothy Sackton: flow through it,
Timothy Sackton: and it is said that the
Timothy Sackton: salt mind from
Timothy Sackton: the sea from the land.
Timothy Sackton: They're very secretive about how they mind. The salt
Timothy Sackton: has
Timothy Sackton: magical properties.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What sort of
Timothy Sackton: Well, I,
Timothy Sackton: for my experience.
You
Timothy Sackton: can make your food flavor your food,
Timothy Sackton: not just not just season it, but flavor it you are.
Timothy Sackton: We want a
Timothy Sackton: that that taste like
Timothy Sackton: fresh cream, and
Timothy Sackton: and uh
Timothy Sackton: three,
Timothy Sackton: when you are
Timothy Sackton: a thousand miles from any port,
Timothy Sackton: a little bit of the right salt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cool?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nothing but
Timothy Sackton: the people of me say,
Timothy Sackton: Well, Groomer has that
Timothy Sackton: and do many other things.
Timothy Sackton: They may also know
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: something of the fay wild,
Timothy Sackton: strange, for their seals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See, I've never heard of them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): meaning They yes,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): live on the Sierra in the sea,
Timothy Sackton: on the sea.
Timothy Sackton: They're no murf folk, although rumor has at Murfolk live in the Eastern Islands as well.
Timothy Sackton: I've never met one myself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they friendly, Murphy?
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe shy is a better word than unfriendly.
Timothy Sackton: Some sailors I know some bright moods have claimed to see them
Timothy Sackton: in the distance when we've been trying to
Timothy Sackton: find an island that seems to have gotten away from us.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. But I have my doubts.
Timothy Sackton: In any case. I've never spoken to one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have any thoughts, maybe the Ceos, will
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you? You haven't heard of it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Crossings into the Pharaoh.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories of all kinds around the east of aisles. I've certainly heard of
Timothy Sackton: people who have
Timothy Sackton: sailed through the wrong
Timothy Sackton: straight
Timothy Sackton: not come out again,
Timothy Sackton: they say. Sometimes the
Timothy Sackton: the passageways through the Eastern isles lead not to the endless ocean, but to
Timothy Sackton: stranger places the
Timothy Sackton: elemental plane of water.
You,
Timothy Sackton: even the fay wild, even darker places. Some have said that
Timothy Sackton: uh ghost Chips sail from the shadow fell into the Eastern Isles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've seen what I thought was one in the distance once
Timothy Sackton: sailing against the wind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: but where one could find such a thing. Well, as Corin said, it's hard to map
Timothy Sackton: the islands that were separate two years ago. Drift together.
Timothy Sackton: Some say even the stone grows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How quickly do they move? If you sat on one, would you see it moving,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Press it like the sun?
Timothy Sackton: There are some parts of calling me where, if you dip your hand in the water, you can feel a slight current as it rotates.
Timothy Sackton: It will spin around three, four times a year,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: most of the islands now
Timothy Sackton: they move
Timothy Sackton: quite slowly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on yourself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just subway for just a I'll be back with time.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): goodness, Sorry, kid. Drama.
Timothy Sackton: It's okay.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I'm: I I want to make sure we get like fifteen or twenty minutes in the cancers at the end to set up the actual little venture, which is but um, I i'm I You know I have all this stuff, and made up. So i'm happy for you to talk to. I can. I can probably go for another forty-five minutes,
Timothy Sackton: so you can talk to
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: to. Well for a bit longer if you want, but no need to like drag it out. The journey will take about
Timothy Sackton: ten is ten to eleven days.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: say, say, like, about eleven days over the course of that journey. They also teach you. So this is far enough East that
Timothy Sackton: um the
Timothy Sackton: it's Easter. It's because no, nothing out here was ever
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Frank, or I really had no influence this Far East so but they have. I mean You're pretty good with languages. They teach you Easter, so that you'll be able to
Timothy Sackton: communicate with people out on the Eastern Isles.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: during the course of the journey, and happy to have any conversations you want to will play as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no, I think. Uh, uh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can possibly recon it. But i'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm thinking if the Kid's situation here is just slightly tentative. Maybe we should
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moved to Kinku
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so so cool. This is also cool. I love this part of the world.
Timothy Sackton: Um! You reach after ten days of sailing? Um! Eleven, eleven days since you left
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: since you vanished from the uh
Timothy Sackton: uh from the forests north east of Chardon. Um. You see the first of the Eastern house, and this has mostly been selling,
Timothy Sackton: you know, by dead reckoning navigation through
Timothy Sackton: just empty ocean. Right? This entire chunk of the Eastern sea.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, until you see the islands in the distance, and and you see um you can see like there's a a few small islands that uninhabited, that are just like these red cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And then, as you get a little bit closer, you can see that there's
Timothy Sackton: on one of the larger islands. It's still all these cliffs, but there's a harbor that's a sheltered harbor
Timothy Sackton: that's been constructed with a peer and a few um
Timothy Sackton: a few buildings and some caves, some dwelling, some
Timothy Sackton: warehouses, some storage carved into the cliffs. There is um what looks like a lift like a wooden platform that can be raised and lowered with police
Timothy Sackton: um, and then dotting the skyline like up on the cliffs, and then so there's cliffs that go up, and then there's kind of rolling hills, but in these rolling hills there's
Timothy Sackton: he's like
Timothy Sackton: pillars of red stone that are sticking out um,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Timothy Sackton: Just like for almost like growing out of these pillars. You can see what look like the houses and villages of of Kenku. So um mostly with no, I mean there's no roads anywhere. There's no um,
Timothy Sackton: it's. It's not obvious how one would get to any of the Tenq villages beyond flying.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see a few ken goes soaring above you right? So there's um, you know. There's clearly a few that are keeping watch on the sea routes. In fact.
Timothy Sackton: Um, well, it kind of looks over it you concerned and and says
Timothy Sackton: it seems to be quite a lot more
Timothy Sackton: guards then,
Timothy Sackton: and watches and scouts than normal.
Timothy Sackton: I wonder what's up?
Timothy Sackton: I guess we'll pull into darkness,
Timothy Sackton: as we usually do.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure. I'm sure someone will meet us.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can see that there's there's actually very little activity in the Port Um, which also strikes well as unusual.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: And as the ship comes into this, this enclosed harbor and docks, you can see. There's
Timothy Sackton: you know, about a dozen Ken Cue kind of soaring over you and you, but the Kennedy that you've seen in in Tollen and Samara. Um, you know a lot of them look sort of, you know. They sort of have like a hawk or crow like shape, usually right.
Timothy Sackton: There are some like that here, but you also see some that are, you know, have white feathers and look almost more. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, long wings like they're soaring very, very gracefully from better flyers, probably worse on ground, and
almost have like an albatross like. Look to them.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And as as the wave dancer pulls into dark. Um
Timothy Sackton: Uh-huh.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it gets out, and you know, moving moving slowly and and kind of unsteadily as she, as she uh walked on to the dock on on dry land after
Timothy Sackton: more than two weeks of the city.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and she greets um a a ken cu it's hard to tell if it's a man or a woman. You don't really a judge. Kenti. Thank you. Um gender. Um! But there, uh
Timothy Sackton: dressed in robes um of
Timothy Sackton: uh mostly white, but with bright red designs dyed into the cloth. Um, Clearly this uh these red cliffs are used to make dyes and pigments. Um!
Timothy Sackton: A sort of uh like white feathers around their face a a smallish yellowish beak. Um
Timothy Sackton: big eyes uh, and they, um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, throw back their cloak and reach out in great um greed Wella with a with a handshake,
Timothy Sackton: and say in a deep, male-ounding voice,
Timothy Sackton: Well, I welcome. Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You have come at a difficult time.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful.
Timothy Sackton: There's been
Timothy Sackton: five coastal raids in the past month.
Timothy Sackton: I know you probably
Timothy Sackton: would like to
Timothy Sackton: stay in trade for some time, but
Timothy Sackton: watch yourself.
Timothy Sackton: The seeds here are not safe these days.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it looks kind of i'm surprised, and then like looks over you, and it's like like realizes. You're standing there and weighs you and and Baxter over, and um Ah, this guy he introduces himself as Maka. It's like super interested by Baxter, and he like looks at it, and he's um
Timothy Sackton: kind of smiles at him clicks his beak, and and you know,
Timothy Sackton: fascinating creature you've brought with you.
Timothy Sackton: What do you cause such a thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this is Baxter. He's an an actseek from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the deserts about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): two thousand miles west by southwest of here,
Timothy Sackton: fascinating
Timothy Sackton: quite a journey for such a fellow
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with those those little useless wings. I know Aren't, they hilarious.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are.
Timothy Sackton: Well be grieving welcome
Timothy Sackton: to our town. Kind of looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, kind of
Timothy Sackton: smile slyly sorry. It is difficult for us to show you most of it, but should you wish to ride the lift up,
Timothy Sackton: I could show you around a little bit. I'm sorry to say this is
Timothy Sackton: not the best time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there have been, as I was saying to well as several raids,
Timothy Sackton: so anything you would wish to see. Are you going to stay with the
Timothy Sackton: ship of your people?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would love nothing more than a tour of your town.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have the smallest bit of magic to let me fly just a little bit. So if there's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if there is a circuit through, I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe we could see
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from the air, but nothing like really fascinating.
Timothy Sackton: He takes another look at you
Timothy Sackton: like glances over again
Timothy Sackton: like doing a double Take you.
Timothy Sackton: You're wearing
Timothy Sackton: the armor of our people, are you not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, there's a funny story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I found this in the treasure horn of a green dragon three thousand miles to the West.
Timothy Sackton: That is indeed a story.
Timothy Sackton: It is a
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at it. He looks more closely.
Timothy Sackton: If only Scota were here!
Timothy Sackton: She was taken on one of the raids.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take with her partner, Nato.
Timothy Sackton: They could tell you much about this. I am sure. They have
Timothy Sackton: traveled widely in
study at the
magic of our people and of this place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would love love that. I know hardly anything about it or its story or its place in your People's work
forty
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): taken on the ridge. So so the rating earth
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is capturing.
Timothy Sackton: They have captured people, not not goods,
Timothy Sackton: not too many, Kenko. It is easy for us to flee. But
Timothy Sackton: there was a
Timothy Sackton: a ship of of humans from
Timothy Sackton: from that you
Timothy Sackton: from the Spice City
Timothy Sackton: in part
Timothy Sackton: three weeks ago, and many of their crew was taken.
Timothy Sackton: They sailed after them, and
Timothy Sackton: for scouts
Timothy Sackton: from the shipwreck
Timothy Sackton: to the east of here, towards the into the endless ocean,
Timothy Sackton: do not know what happened to the people.
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: a dozen shipwrecks out there,
Timothy Sackton: all clustered around the same place.
Timothy Sackton: But come, let's fly
Timothy Sackton: if you can. Any
Timothy Sackton: opens up his wings and leaps into the sky and soars up on a thermal kind of looking down at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): blow the ravens whistle and leap up after him and say
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): say telepathically, Since my math is full,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I probably only got about three big breaths worth here, so it may need to be brief.
Timothy Sackton: That is a noisy way to move right like fast.
Timothy Sackton: He soars it. Well, let's go to the highest point first, then,
Timothy Sackton: and he soars up on a thermal spiraling up, and you can see now, once you get to the top of the cliffs, this is probably just about in your range with one breath. Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's this sort of rolling hills. And then there's this. There's a few short spots short um of these of these like red stone pinnacles, and then there's a step back a little bit from the coast. There's one that rises to maybe one thousand five hundred feet above the top of the cliffs, and there's a little cluster of
Timothy Sackton: houses, and
Timothy Sackton: Ah looks like It's sort of town square, almost kind of built up around the sides of it, sort of twisting up in a spiral just carved into the side of of this rock,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so cool,
Timothy Sackton: and he flies up to the top with you, and he lands, and you've got a great view like you can see
Timothy Sackton: there's four islands in this archipelago, all all of the same red stone
Timothy Sackton: um, and you can see all of them from here. The distances between the islands are not wrong in your
Timothy Sackton: um. You're at one, I mean. They're mostly flat right. They rise up from the like. All of these cliffs that rise up from the sea. But then the land on top is mostly flat, those you know, occasionally valleys and
Timothy Sackton: um mostly dry. There's not a ton of of
Timothy Sackton: vegetation um, some scrubby plant, some areas that look cultivated.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: uh, and then you can see from here you can see the endless ocean
Timothy Sackton: in the distance stretching to the east. Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, So it's about
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: It's only about sixty miles uh from where you are across this island across the uh Jason Island.
Timothy Sackton: The The islands are arranged in like a diamond right? So this one, this one, this one, and you're on the western most. You're looking across the eastern, most one to the endless ocean
Timothy Sackton: um stretching
Timothy Sackton: forever as far as you can tell,
Timothy Sackton: just unbroken ocean horizon. No ships out there? No,
Timothy Sackton: nothing moving. You can see. There's some like you can see sales
Timothy Sackton: from this vantage point. Other sales in the
Timothy Sackton: in the green sea on the western side of the aisles.
Timothy Sackton: Couple other sales on the horizon,
Timothy Sackton: but nothing moving out east
Timothy Sackton: It sort of nods, and he points in that direction about
Timothy Sackton: eighty miles that way,
Timothy Sackton: too too distant to see the shipwrecks,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: sort out there.
Timothy Sackton: Um scouted a few days ago.
Timothy Sackton: There was a cluster of wrecked boats there, including
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the spice trader for meju
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plus clustered around. What though what and
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I mean there, there
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're floating. They're sunk. They're on land like
Timothy Sackton: there is
Timothy Sackton: some that seem to be run on underwater shoals,
Timothy Sackton: a couple that are just abandoned, and listing not sinking.
Timothy Sackton: I don't rightly know
Timothy Sackton: the nose. Water is deep and dark out there
Timothy Sackton: no signs of life,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and they stayed all together. They weren't drifting, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're anchor. I mean, they're they're tethered to that place. Somehow. It seems
Timothy Sackton: it must be tethered. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: he,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what's keeping them there,
Timothy Sackton: but you know currents are strange in these islands,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sure,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and no sign there of the the raiders ship.
Timothy Sackton: No,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when you've seen it sailing away
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with such a good view from up here,
Timothy Sackton: what direction has it sailed towards not seeing the raiders ship.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to come from the sea
Timothy Sackton: and steal crew and ships, and sail those
Timothy Sackton: ships out
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when they come to read their humans
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where they look like humans.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll tell you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of the sort of person
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's sort of half like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that in an instant would love to go over and find out what's going on, but it seems like foolishness to sail a ship into the middle of a whole series of shipwrecks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How else could he in there? How else could I get there without wings?
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: a few others in time who have
Timothy Sackton: come for various reasons
Timothy Sackton: discussing
Timothy Sackton: these events.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps it would make sense
Timothy Sackton: uh in the morning to
Timothy Sackton: meet with them and make a plan together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed,
Timothy Sackton: if you do intend to head that way,
Timothy Sackton: and there is any hope
Timothy Sackton: of rescuing Scota, and not to.
Timothy Sackton: We would be most grateful,
Timothy Sackton: and i'm sure they would be willing to share what they know of your armor and of these islands. If there is anything you
Timothy Sackton: sought to learn
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this is the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I ended up here by accident,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not on purpose.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I lost track of my fog and my friends in a a fog between worlds, and when I came out of it I was here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm trying to get back again, and I think the way back is to find a door into the Fay wild.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know where another door out of the Fay Wild is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where i'll meet them. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I don't know how to find a way in, or, for that matter how to track my way through it once. I'm. There
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was kind of not in, maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, these, please.
Timothy Sackton: If anyone would,
Timothy Sackton: it would be them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not, too, has flown from here to the far north of the Eastern Islands and back
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eighteen hundred miles. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Journey of four years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I do. Just the same if I had wings
Timothy Sackton: and did.
Timothy Sackton: There is a rumor that
Timothy Sackton: the armor we made for our allies
Timothy Sackton: used to being able to
Timothy Sackton: sprout wings temporarily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, perhaps maybe you could have wings reflexively checks, for
It's
Timothy Sackton: so. It was the one who understood the magic of these things. But if there is a way to repair or understand that armor you wear,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she would be the one who could help you.
Timothy Sackton: Come, let's finish our tour. You have another breath in you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One or two more
Timothy Sackton: he leaps up, and he soars inland like swoops down towards the ground. And you can You're sort of flying over the fields, I mean. You can see there's I mean there's a mix, but a lot of them. There's just rows of these brightly colored Chili peppers that are sort of sprinkled around
Timothy Sackton: our cash crop sort of laughs
Timothy Sackton: It stores up, catches an up draft
Timothy Sackton: to a sort of second village that's set right in the sort of center of the of the of the island. There's a there's a cliff, and there's a spring like a
Timothy Sackton: not a big river, right? But there's like enough water here that drains down through this like a waterfall that cascades down to this canyon, and then flows out to the ocean on the other side of the island, and there's the like. Second village of this island is just built into the sides of this canyon on both sides of the river
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sores down. Now you're kind of reaching your
Timothy Sackton: um your limit. Any up
Timothy Sackton: curves into a um, a little cluster of
Timothy Sackton: um. There's like a landing area that kind of bulges out from the cliff, and then there's um
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: like secondary canyon that's been carved so that it's exposed to the light. And there's this little cluster of buildings, and he there's a tavern there, and he
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's a
Timothy Sackton: like a little food stall, basically he takes you. And he says, uh my treat, our speciality, and he um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It's about lunch time. So for lunch these are like It's Ah
Timothy Sackton: fish talkers basically fried fish wrapped in a in a flat bread with like this very spicy
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: pepper relish
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So good
Timothy Sackton: gain.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, You ready to head back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this is amazing. Here we go
Timothy Sackton: soars up into the sky like circles around, and coasts down towards
Timothy Sackton: Ah, towards the cliff
Timothy Sackton: where the sort of port in the harbor is.
Timothy Sackton: He lands and gives you a little um lands at the sort of tops of the cliff. There's a big cluster of of buildings at the top of the cliff as Well, you can see that there's a lot of ah like sort of ah agricultural activity and warehouses and things. And there's like, Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know,
Timothy Sackton: stuff being dropped down on this lift down to the boats um, and then currently, the half wing ship is starting to unload some of the
Timothy Sackton: furs, and there's
Timothy Sackton: commercial bustle down below. They're taking on um dried chilies and and bob
Timothy Sackton: pigment made from the Red Rocks?
Timothy Sackton: It does.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: why don't you?
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: if you take the lift down, there's a small human community just around
around the the
Timothy Sackton: from the docks.
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: in there. I'm sure that well er one of the half ones can
Timothy Sackton: help you get a room,
Timothy Sackton: and I won't. Let the other travelers who are interested in these shipwrecks. No
Timothy Sackton: to meet you in the morning there,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and uh,
Timothy Sackton: we would certainly be grateful if
Timothy Sackton: this is a
Timothy Sackton: search that you would undertake.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sure your curiosity would be rewarded if you could
Timothy Sackton: return our people
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, more in the morning, then
Timothy Sackton: more in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: So with that. Um! That's what we'll pick up with the actual adventure
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome. This is so cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: great. So i'm going to stop the recording.